docs: Added migration guide for generic-executor-service (#199)
keptn-contrib/job-executor-service: docs/MIGRATION-GUIDE-GENERIC-EXECUTOR-SERVICE.md

# It will be called with a couple of environment variables that are filled with Keptn Event Details, Env-Variables from the Service container as well as labels

echo "This is my deployment.triggered.sh script"
echo "Project = $DATA_PROJECT"
echo "Service = $DATA_SERVICE"
echo "Stage = $DATA_STAGE"
echo "Image = $DATA_CONFIGURATIONCHANGE_VALUES_IMAGE"
echo "DeploymentStrategy = $DATA_DEPLOYMENT_DEPLOYMENTSTRATEGY"
echo "TestToken = $ENV_TESTTOKEN"

# Here i could do whatever I want with these values, e.g: call an external tool :-)
```

In general, this can be achieved by re-using existing `.sh` files in job-executor-service, using a container that provides bash and the necessary tools, and providing all necessary variables within the code.

However, we recommend some additional steps before that:

* Change `$DATA_PROJECT` to `$KEPTN_PROJECT`
* Change `$DATA_SERVICE` to `$KEPTN_SERVICE`
* Change `$DATA_STAGE` to `$KEPTN_STAGE`
* Create secrets for sensitive data in the Kubernetes namespace that job-executor-service is installed (`kubectl -n keptn create secret generic my-super-secret --from-literal="ENV_TESTTOKEN=1234"`)
* Move the script into another folder (optional)

> For more information regarding environment variables, please consult [FEATUERS.md](../FEATURES.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information regarding environment variables, please consult [FEATURES.md](../FEATURES.md).
```

        image: "debian:bookworm-slim"
        cmd: ["bash"]
        args: ["./generic-executor-service/deployment.triggered.sh"]
```

*Note*: We are using `debian:bookworm-slim` as an image here. This is a lightweight debian based image, which does not
provide a lot of tools (it's fine for scripting purpose, e.g., scripting using `echo`, `cat`, `grep` etc..., but not 
for using tools like `curl`, `wget`, etc... which you would have to install).

You can verify this locally by running
```console
docker run -it --rm debian:bookworm-slim bash
```
and pasting your script (or parts of it) into the terminal.

### Troubleshooting

#### Permission Denied

If you get a message like this:
```
bash: line 1: ./generic-executor-service/deployment.triggered.sh: Permission denied
```
you need to make sure that your script has the executable permission in the git upstream repo, e.g.: 
```console
chmod +x generic-executor-service/deployment.triggered.sh
keptn add-resource --project=<PROJECT> --service=<SERVICE> --stage=<STAGE> --resource=generic-executor-service/deployment.triggered.sh --resourceUri=generic-executor-service/deployment.triggered.sh
```

## Migrating Python Scripts

> In generic-executor-service you can use bash scripts by creating a `$event.sh` file (where `$event` reflects the Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In generic-executor-service you can use python scripts by creating a `$event.py` file (where `$event` reflects the Cloud
```

event type you are listening for), with the following content:

**deployment.triggered.py**
```python
import os
import sys

# Lets get the first parameter which could potentially be a local file name
methodArg = ""
if len(sys.argv) > 1:
    methodArg = sys.argv[1]

print("This is my generic handler script and I got passed " + methodArg + " as parameter")
print("I also have some env variables, e.g: SHKEPTNCONTEXT=" + os.getenv('SHKEPTNCONTEXT', ""))
print("SOURCE=" + os.getenv('SOURCE',""))
print("PROJECT=" + os.getenv('DATA_PROJECT',""))
```

> In general, this can be achieved by re-using existing `.sh` files in job-executor-service, using a container that provides bash and the necessary tools, and providing all necessary variables within the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, this can be achieved by re-using existing `.py` files in job-executor-service, using a container that provides python and the necessary tools, and providing all necessary variables within the code.
```
